Improve the getting started page for developers (#6654)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/getting-started/developing.mdx

  label: Developing
---

Learn how to use Salt’s UI components in your React web applications.

## What you’ll need

To start developing with Salt, you should:

- Be familiar with [React](https://react.dev/) and web development fundamentals (such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript).
- Have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 22 or later) installed on your system.

> - Create a React (version 18 or later) web application project. For new projects, see the React docs for [Creating a React App](https://react.dev/learn/creating-a-react-app).

Author: ```suggestion
- Create a React (version 16.4 or later) web application project. For new projects, see the React docs for [Creating a React App](https://react.dev/learn/creating-a-react-app).
```

#### Use another method

If you prefer not to use Fontsource or Google Fonts, you can use any other method to incorporate the web fonts. Make sure the CSS `@font-face` declarations associate the correct `font-family`, `font-weight` and `font-style` with the corresponding web fonts.

<Disclosure
  id="font-file-table"
  summary="View the web fonts, widths and styles"
>

| Font family | Weight           | Style    |
| ----------- | ---------------- | -------- |
| Open Sans   | `300`            | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `300`            | `italic` |
| Open Sans   | `400` / `normal` | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `400` / `normal` | `italic` |
| Open Sans   | `500`            | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `500`            | `italic` |
| Open Sans   | `600`            | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `600`            | `italic` |
| Open Sans   | `700` / `bold`   | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `700` / `bold`   | `italic` |
| Open Sans   | `800`            | `normal` |
| Open Sans   | `800`            | `italic` |
| PT Mono     | `400` / `normal` | `normal` |

</Disclosure>

### 3. Choose your theme and integrate Salt

The `@salt-ds/theme` package ships two themes:

> - **JPM Brand**—_recommended for all new projects._ Salt’s long-term visual style, aligned with the JPMorgan brand.

Reviewer: super nit-picky but J.P. Morgan instead of JPMorgan

- **Legacy (UITK)**—for applications migrating from UITK that need to preserve the existing visual style.

Additional themes, such as Chase, are distributed as separate packages. See [Themes](../themes) for a full comparison.

> Whichever theme you choose, you’ll import the theme CSS and wrap your application in `<SaltProvider>` or `<SaltProviderNext>`.

Reviewer: i'd cut "you'll" but i have a bias against personal pronouns (also i prefer the imperative - direct "import the theme CSS")

#### Using the JPM Brand theme (recommended)

> Make sure you’ve added the **Amplitude** web font (see [step 2](#2-add-required-web-fonts)). In a typical React project, set up the provider in your `src/index.tsx` as follows:

Reviewer: ...and actually you resort back to the imperative here with "[..], set up the provider" (which i prefer)

```tsx
// Import <SaltProviderNext>
import { SaltProviderNext } from "@salt-ds/core";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom/client";
import App from "./App";

// Import the base theme CSS plus the JPM Brand layer

> import "@salt-ds/theme/index.css";

Author: ```suggestion
import "@salt-ds/theme/css/global.css";
```
